- Everett!
- Everett. are you in there?
Everett!
Step back.
I'm gonna kick the door down.
- Oh no.
- Oh my God! Everett!
Everett. wake up!
Everett.
Dad!
- There's no pulse. I'm starting CPR.
- Yeah. I can help.
How's he doing?
Nothing yet.
Okay. Let's get his shirt up.
Now...
Okay.
Yeah.
- Rhythm check.
- Analyzing now.
- In V-tach with a shockable rhythm.
- Okay.
I'm charging to 150 joules.
- Okay. clear.
- Stand clear.
Three. two. one.
Check for pulse.
It didn't work! It didn't work!
Still in V-tach.
I'm going again. Charging to 200.
I'm clear. Clear.
- Stand clear.
- Three. two. one.
Check for pulse.
He has a pulse. It's faint.
Yep. Yeah.
- Yeah.
- He's back.
Yeah.
We only have room for one person
to travel alongside the patient.
You go.
Okay. Okay.
I love you.
I love you too.
He's gonna be okay.
- Okay.
- We'll get there as fast as we can.
Okay.
All right. ready for takeoff.
- Hey.
You okay?
I'm all right.
- Thank you for coming.
- Of course!
How... How is he?
It was... It was a heart attack.
so they're putting in a stent now.
Well. don't forget. Hope pulled through
her heart attack just fine.
and she's healthier than ever now.
Thanks to that awful diet
and exercise plan you made for me.
I'm so sorry this is happening
on your wedding day.
Well. we'll figure everything out
once Everett's in the clear.
It might not be today. but I am gonna
marry you. come hell or high water.
Yeah. well. with the year we've had.
we might have to be prepared for both.
Oh come on.
Okay. I'm gonna get us
something for breakfast.
Worrying on an empty stomach
can give you an ulcer.
Bacon grease goes a long way.
- Mmm!
- Ah-ah-ah!
Or I could find something on my diet plan.
because we don't need
another heart attack today.
- No.
- I'll come with you. We're not on a diet.
- Bacon sounds good. right? Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'll see you in a bit.
- Thanks.
Ugh.
Yeah.
Mmm. Thank you. Thank you for your help.
Yeah. I was just doing my job.
Now he's doing his. Fighting for his life.
Yeah. I hope so.
I know so.
How do you know?
That rift between
me and your father started when I
rushed to save his life
from a bad car accident.
And all these years I thought.
"Oh. he was just out
on a drunken joyride."
but he was not.
When we talked. he told me that
he was devastated
by losing your mother
and the chance to get to know you.
and he felt like
he had nothing to live for.
so he made no plans
to come home that night.
Oh my God.
But he is not that man anymore. Mel.
And I can see having you
back in his life has changed him.
For the first time in a long time.
Everett Reid
has something to live for.
And someone to fight for.
And he will.
- I hope so.
- Yeah.
He will.
I'm not sure you should drink that.
Damn robot barista. I hate these machines.
Well. it's not so bad.
It's not like you can kick a real barista
every time he messes up your order.
Not again. I can't.
Hey. I just wanted to say I am so sorry
about the wedding too.
No. no. I know that you put your heart
and soul into making today special.
so thank you.
Don't apologize.
It will happen when it's meant to.
Now. Charlie may complain
if it's not today.
He was very excited for his flyover.
- You were doing a flyover?
- We were.
- Hope McCrea.
- Oh...
I just wanted to give you two
the fanfare you deserve.
Right.
You've come so far
from the guy I first met. Jack.
That brooding vet
with a dream and a drinking problem.
In hindsight. I probably shouldn't
have helped you open a bar.
Well. you know what?
If you hadn't. I never would have met Mel.
so I am very. very glad that you did.
He is out. He's okay.
Oh. thank heavens!
- Phew.
- Okay.
Okay!
It's a very comfortable bed.
Don't you think so?
All right. Uh...
Uh. Jack says that Everett's okay.
He's not sure about the wedding yet.
but they're gonna keep us posted.
Well. let's keep our fingers crossed.
Okay. Good news. Um. orange juice. coffee?
Mmm. both. Champagne in the former.
Baileys in the latter.
Slow down. We can't have a repeat
of Mary's wedding. dear.
- That was Donna.
- Oop!
How lucky am I to have more than one
daughter that could apply to?
Well. I'm excited to meet Mary and Donna.
whether the wedding happens or not.
Yeah. and I'm excited to hear what they
think about you two back together.
Well. we haven't exactly
talked about that yet.
We are taking it slow.
Mm-hmm.
- Didn't seem like that last night.
- No.
No. it did not.
Okay.
What happened here? Like. what about Javi?
He knows we're giving this a try.
He's supportive. We ended amicably.
But why? 'Cause I thought you two
said you weren't good for each other.
We have things to work on.
but I'm making efforts for your mother.
And I've realized no one is perfect.
Except for Mike here.
You are setting me up for failure. Amelia.
But. seriously.
your father is my soulmate.
Always has been.
We may not be perfect on paper. but...
our hearts are connected in ways that.
well. I can't begin to explain.
And since he's doing his best
to be a better man for me.
I feel I owe him a fighting chance.
So... I'm staying open to the possibility.
Cleanup. room 411.
411. cleanup.
Well.
Hey.
Hey. Dad.
"Dad."
Never thought
anyone would call me Dad.
But. I guess if...
...if anyone would. it would be you.
Because I am your dad.
You're loopy from the anesthesia.
Well. that explains a few things.
I saw... I saw your mother...
when I was out. I mean...
I guess it could have been the drugs
or it could have been a dream.
I've had lots of...
Lots of dreams about your mother.
This was...
This was different.
It was...
It was her.
I told her I wanted to stay with her.
But she said.
"There's no way my little girl
is going to lose her father
on her wedding day."
We're... I think we're going to post...
postpone the wedding.
So I came back from the dead for nothing?
That's not funny.
No. Mel.
You can't postpone.
Not on my... Not on my account.
Listen. this wedding isn't about me.
Or your friends. or this town.
It's about you and Jack.
Always has been.
Nothing's more important than that.
Whether I'm there in person or not.
it doesn't matter.
I'll be right by your side.
So will your mother.
Just like she's been this whole time.
Right?
Yeah.
- Sorry.
- Hey.
So the wedding's back on.
Okay.
But what about Everett?
He insisted. This is what he wants.
Okay. What about what you want?
I know how much it meant to you
to have him there.
I know. It does. But I don't want to wait
another minute to marry you. so...
Well. you have to wait another 473.
But who's counting?
- Okay. you go home and get ready.
- Yes.
And you don't forget
Roland is coming to pick up Sugar.
- Yep.
- And you. kiss me already.
- Yeah.
- Kiss her.
- See you guys. Yep. Bye.
- See you both at the barn.
- Bye.
- Okay.
Hey.
We are going to the chapel.
and we're gonna get married.
I repeat. we are going to the chapel.
Copy that.
Ladies and gentlemen. we are going
to the chapel of love! The wedding is on!
Put me on speaker.
Hey. folks. I'll be there to handle
the big stuff. but while I'm on the road.
I officially transfer
the matrimonial power
vested in me by the State of California
and the voters of Virgin River to you.
Can you handle it?
Yes. Mayor. you can count on us.
Okay. See you. Bye.
Is that Dr. Hayes?
Oh. in the flesh.
You should give that man
a piece of your mind. Vernon.
No. He already knows how I feel.
- Still.
- Dr. Mullins?
- Yes.
- Mr. Reid is asking for you.
Saved by Everett Reid.
Who would have thought?
- I'll wait for you here.
- Yeah.
Jo Ellen. alert the phone tree
that everyone dropping off food
down at the barn can start to load in.
- Nick. keep feeding that smoker.
- You got it.
Hannah. bar setup. deck left.
Aunt Connie. secure a spot for the bakery
truck to park for the dessert bar.
And. Lydie. confirm that
the tablescapes are perfect.
and the name cards
are placed appropriately.
Denny. you and I will supervise
band loading and site setup.
and then we will decorate
the "just married" car.
You run a tight ship. That little girl's
in for a world of trouble.
Not if she listens. she's not.
Hey. let me... Let me help you with that.
Thanks. man.
Yeah. this hospital Jell-O
is sealed like a fortress. isn't it?
Pudding is damn near impossible.
Here. this is the way.
Oh!
Now. the nurse said that. uh. there was
something you want to talk about.
Well. I was hoping
you could do me a favor.
Would you walk Mel down the aisle for me?
I know you were planning to do it before.
It would be my honor.
Thank you.
And would you give her something for me?
I finished the song she wanted me to sing
at the wedding. and...
Well. I'd like her to have the lyrics
as a wedding present.
They're in a notebook back at my house.
Uh...
Yeah. tell you what. I...
I would be glad to help you.
on one condition.
Excuse me. Dr. Hayes.
Yes. can I help you?
Hope McCrea. Vernon Mullins' wife
and the Mayor of Virgin River.
I know you're coming after
Vernon's medical license.
and I've got a bone
to pick with you about that.
- As his wife or the mayor?
- Both.
Look. you need to understand
that my husband's medical practice
is the cornerstone of our town.
Sure. Vernon's methods can be unorthodox.
and his moods
are frequently unpleasant. but...
practically everyone in Virgin River
owes my husband their lives
in one way or another.
Don't punish him for the ability
to think outside the box.
He saved a life while training
a college student in the process.
You mean a medical student.
In a couple years. yes.
I'm sorry. are you telling me
that Dr. Mullins' intern
is an undergraduate college student?
I think you're missing my point.
No. I think I got your point
loud and clear.
I knew your husband had been foolish.
but now I know
he could've been downright negligent.
Oh...
Can I get a double latte
with coconut milk for the bride?
Absolutely.
Brie! Hey. how are you?
Hey. I'm good. How are you?
Fine.
Oh!
Why "oh"?
I don't know. I guess I just
figured the breakup might have been hard
considering how much
was on the line for you.
- Did Brady talk to you about it?
- About conning him?
I actually told him.
Yeah. 'cause I...
I saw you at the prison with Jimmy.
And then. you know. it didn't take Brady
long to put the pieces together.
You shouldn't have underestimated him.
I don't think I'm the one
who underestimated him.
I don't know who you think you are. Lark.
but now that you're not with Brady.
I don't have to pretend to like you. so...
Thank you so much.
Dr. Hayek. what brings you
to the clinic this morning?
Well. you said you were getting
the results from your biopsy. so...
Yeah! Um...
My tumor is HER2-positive.
Okay. so that means they're gonna do
chemo first. right. before surgery?
See if they can try
and shrink the tumor. Yeah.
Yeah. and then they'll decide if I'm
to have a lumpectomy or a full mastectomy.
Like I'm playing this game
of Sophie's Chest.
You're still funny.
Mmm! Yeah. well. you just wait
until I start wearing the clown wig.
Hey. no. no.
Hair loss is not a given these days.
But either way. I'm not going to have
the carefree spring I was expecting.
Hey. it might not be that bad.
Everybody reacts differently to chemo.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And how do people
you've just started dating react to it?
You're dating someone.
Walt Booth.
- Mmm.
- I mean. our relationship is so new. it's...
I don't even know if I can call it that.
But I do know I really...
Mmm. I really like him.
I don't want to scare him away.
- Yeah.
- I mean. the last guy I was dating...
Oof! He just left
because I didn't wanna have kids.
Okay...
You said you understood.
Oh. I know I did. and I meant it.
Doesn't mean it didn't hurt.
Yeah.
You can understand something
and still have it break your heart.
Yeah.
Well...
I know we weren't supposed to
see each other on our wedding day. but...
I'm really glad I was with you.
Yeah. me too.
I don't think I could have handled it
this morning if you weren't there.
Mmm.
The thought of losing my dad
when I just found him was really scary.
I know.
Hey. I'm serious.
If you don't want to do this today...
No. no. I do. I do. I just. um...
Hey! Let's go. We gotta get
this woman into hair and makeup.
Oh.
You know. she could have been
a Marine captain too.
Oh. no doubt.
- Okay. cadet. hop to it.
- Okay.
Unless you want to finish that thought?
Oh.
You know. I don't even...
I don't even know what I was going to say.
I. uh. I love you.
and that's all that matters.
and. um. I will see you at the altar.
You will.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- You... And that is...
- This is me. that's you.
- Hi.
- Mel.
- Coffee.
- Oh. thank you.
So glad Everett's okay.
I know.
We were so worried.
But now there's nothing to worry about.
Okay. What's...
What's going on?
Where's Charmaine?
I called her. and she didn't answer.
Okay. um...
Well. maybe I missed a text
from her or something.
Yeah. she said. um. "Something came up
that I had to deal with."
Oh. could it be the twins?
Or maybe she's having second thoughts
about seeing Jack get married.
Either way. we don't have
anyone to do your hair.
- Yet!
- Yeah.
- But we're gonna find someone!
- Yes.
- Aw. Hope.
- I was trying to help!
But you didn't help.
What you did is the opposite of help.
Yes. but I didn't know
that's what I was doing at the time.
Well. you... you should have known better.
Why would I know better?
Solving your problems behind your back
usually works out fine for you.
Yeah. well. this time
it may cost me everything.
Well. not everything.
I am not laughing at this.
This is my legacy.
Thirty years of hard work.
And... And I may lose it all
because you don't know when to quit!
You're just too much.
You have two seconds to take that back.
Vernon Mullins!
One...
Two!
That's a beautiful animal.
Jack.
He really is.
- You sure you want to get rid of him?
- Oh. come on. I'm not getting rid of him.
I'm finding him a new home with someone
who knows how to take care of horses.
Honestly. it's the best thing for him.
Oh. I'm sure gonna miss him. though.
What do you say. boy? Hmm?
How about we go for one more ride?
Help clear our heads a bit. you know?
Calm our nerves?
Yeah. I don't think you riding a horse
on your wedding day
is the best decision there. Jack.
Thankfully...
it's not your decision to make.
You have plausible deniability.
I'm pretty sure that's not
how plausible deniability works.
See you in a few.
Come on!
Okay. If anything happens to him.
Mel's gonna kill us.
Well. if you can stop him. be my guest.
I... I promise.
we're gonna figure this out.
What?
- Your hair.
- Oh. right.
Yeah. Jo Ellen. she's just
working on some options. so it's gonna...
Yeah. Right.
Well. why don't...
Why don't we just have Joey do it? Joey?
You did my hair for prom.
and I won prom queen that night.
Uh. no. you did not.
Well. I felt like a prom queen.
all thanks to you.
Come on! Will you do me the honor
of doing my hair. please?
I will.
- Oh!
- Please let that be Charmaine.
Please. please.
- Oh.
- Hello. ladies.
Hi! Not Charmaine.
You're... You're Paul. right?
- The Christmas elf from Santa's village.
- Yeah.
Uh. what... What are you doing here?
Well. as a typical millennial gig worker.
Hope hired me
to be your wedding videographer.
- Oh!
- I'm here to document your big day.
Ah. okay. Well. I would
love for you to film the wedding.
but I don't know
that I need video of me getting ready.
It's all part of the package.
When I edit it together. you're gonna
be glad you have it. I promise.
You won't even notice I'm here.
Okay. All right. Come on in. Come on in.
Actually. if you could open the door again
and then non-verbally invite me in.
it'd make for a really cool entrance shot.
Oh no. I absolutely can't do that.
I'm sorry.
Fair.
♪ I've been sitting around
For way too long ♪
♪ And the world is looking like
It's getting smaller by the minute ♪
♪ I am bound up in chains
And I just have to say ♪
♪ Let me run
Like the horses on the range ♪
♪ And I promise you
I'll never ever complain ♪
You must be Jack.
Yeah. and you must be the devil incarnate.
I see my reputation precedes me.
You look mighty at home up there.
Ah. it's all Sugar. He makes it easy.
Ah. well. if he'll let you
ride him like that.
he's gonna make a great little show pony.
What do you mean "show pony"?
Well. we host birthday parties
out at the ranch.
Kids take turns riding the horses
around the paddock. It's cute.
Yeah. well. Hope and I just...
nursed this horse back to health.
I thought he was getting
a real second chance.
Well. there are worse fates
for an old horse.
Yeah. I suppose there are.
I suppose there's better ones too.
- Oh my God. Mel.
- You look stunning.
Nice job.
Thank you. I've still got it.
You look like Mom.
That's the best compliment ever.
Thank you. honey.
You know. I actually have
something for you.
- Yeah?
- Something old.
Okay.
They're Dad's cuff links.
I thought maybe you could
wrap them around your bouquet.
Mom got them for Dad
when he got his first job in LA.
They are moonstone.
which help to embrace new beginnings.
Honey. I know Everett
was supposed to be here to keep Mom close.
But... maybe these will work.
And... keep our dad close too.
I love that idea. Thank you. Thank you.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
Come here.
Mmm. aww...
You are beautiful.
Aw.
- I can do it. I got time.
- Okay? Yeah? Perfect.
Look who I found.
Joey's sitter
just dropped them off with me.
Hey. I'm Lizzie. Are you little ones
ready for your big jobs?
- I am!
- Me too.
The flower girl goes first. right?
Before the ring bearers?
They're very excited.
They told me it was their first wedding.
Well. believe it or not.
it's my first wedding too.
You're not married?
No. I'm not.
That's weird. How did you get pregnant
if you're not married?
Um...
I... I think your parents can explain that
in a decade or so.
Now. who wants lemonade?
- Me.
- I do!
Okay. right this way.
And then we'll practice
walking down the aisle.
- Okay.
- Hey.
The "just married" car is done.
What should I do next. boss?
Apparently. you should marry me.
Lizzie? We need you.
Relax. I'm just kidding.
This is all looking great!
Are you feeling good? Oh. did Roland come?
Uh. I am. and he did.
I'm sad I didn't get a chance
to say goodbye to Sugar.
Mm-hmm.
Actually. you won't have to.
Sugar's not going anywhere.
This is his home as much as it is ours.
Oh. Jack! Oh!
- Can we put him in the wedding?
- Absolutely not.
He's tied up behind the barn
for the evening.
Ah. probably for the best.
I bet Roland was so upset
he had to drive all this way for nothing.
Did he grumble about gas money?
He always grumbled about gas money.
Yeah. he did. He told me he spent $100
on diesel to go home empty-handed.
I may have made a new enemy.
You're in good company.
- Okay.
- What made you decide to keep Sugar?
Honestly. I have no idea.
I do.
Classic Jack Sheridan. No man left behind.
Apparently that also applies to horses.
- Ah. come on.
- No. No. it's true.
I mean. look. I know you've struggled
with what happened over there.
but what you think is a liability.
that urge you have to believe
in all of us. take care of us all.
it's your greatest asset. brother.
That's why we love you.
Mel included.
Well. thanks. Preach.
Speaking of Mel. we better go get dressed
for this wedding. I'll see you later.
- See ya.
- Yep. Bye.
Nicely put.
I hope your best man speech can top that!
Yeah. so do I. Mike. So do I.
Hi. Look who it is.
Oh my goodness! How are you?
Hi!
Oh. my girls! This is so exciting.
I just love that my kids
are finally in one place again.
And we're here to enjoy it together.
my darling.
Mm-hmm.
I bet Donna you'd work it out
and end up back together.
- And now I owe Mary 50 bucks.
- What?
But it was money well spent.
I'm happy for you two.
Thank you for your support.
Come here for a sec! Oh my gosh. hi!
Uh. Walt. this is Cameron.
Cameron. this is Walt.
- It's nice to meet you. sir.
- Pleasure to meet you. Cameron.
Doc!
Hello. Vernon. Is there anything
you'd like to say to me?
Yeah.
I think I'll have some lemonade.
Oh!
This reception is gonna be...
It's a lot. uh.
bigger than I imagined.
I didn't expect you to have this many
ice sculptures at your wedding.
Didn't expect you
to have any ice sculptures.
Well. Hope insisted.
The local artisan offered
to donate them. so how could we say no?
Well. it's gonna be beautiful.
You're gonna be beautiful in this dress.
So let's get you in it. Come on.
Okay. That's great.
Yeah.
- All right? Good. You got it.
- Thank you. Okay.
Okay.
Ah. thank you.
I would like to propose a toast.
Okay.
To sisters old and new.
To some things borrowed
and some things blue.
I'm so happy my brother's marrying you.
- And that I was able to make that rhyme.
- Hey.
No. but really...
Aww.
Thank you for loving my brother.
More than anyone reasonably should.
- I love you.
- Aww! Love you too.
- Thank you.
- Cheers!
Cheers!
Mm-hmm!
And we gotta go. That means you too. Paul.
See you there.
- Okay! See you there.
- All right. See you there.
Remember. just act natural.
Right.
- Oy.
- Yeah.
And then there were two.
Yep. as long as I can remember.
Look at you!
You clean up nice. Chief.
Yeah. you look pretty good
yourself there. Chef.
- Thank you.
- How's the speech coming?
Yeah. it's good!
Uh. you know. it was running
about 20 minutes long. so I've...
I've cut out the origin story of...
of. uh. you know. Jack and my friendship.
That part wasn't important. so...
Yeah. good idea. Gotta make 'em laugh.
make 'em cry. let 'em eat cake.
Yeah! Uh. so. anyways. I. um...
I drilled down on my theme.
- Okay. Hmm.
- What do you think of this?
"Marriage..."
Great start.
"It takes grit. passion. and an unwavering
commitment to grow together. not apart."
"Marriage is not for the faint of heart."
"And you two have proven
time and again that your love..."
You're not... You're not buying it.
Is it that bad?
Um. no.
No.
Uh. just save it for the reception. okay?
Wow. you look great.
- We love you. Mel and Jack.
- Happy wedding day!
Mwah!
Happy wedding day!
Do you want to point to Mel and Jack?
- You did it. man. Congratulations.
- Yes. he did.
Hey. hey. hey. They didn't do it yet.
They didn't do it yet.
Yeah. I know. But they're not gonna
see this until after they've done it.
- Oh!
- Whatever. Idiots. Just...
Just say congrats.
- Congratulations.
- I already said congratulations.
- Say it again. man!
- What? Congrats.
Best wedding ever! Best couple ever.
I'm obsessed with you both.
Live long and prosper.
- You made it.
- Hi!
We did. No small feat.
You and Jack definitely chose
to live off the beaten path.
So pretty. though.
I see you've met Mike.
We have. And for such a small town.
you seem to have no trouble
finding shockingly attractive men to date.
Ah.
Try not to mess this one up.
- Uh...
- She didn't mess the last one up.
That was all. um...
Brady.
Attention. please!
If everyone would
start to take their seats.
the ceremony will begin in a few minutes.
Let's do it.
You ready. brother?
Just got word it's time to head up.
You okay?
- What. is your suit too tight?
- Ha!
Nah. I just...
I've been thinking about
what you and Mike said about
the guy that Mel is marrying.
You up for a little mission?
Won't be much longer.
The ceremony's about to start. okay?
What do you say
I get us some lemonade. huh?
- Okay.
- All right. Be right back.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Uh...
- Could I talk to you for a sec?
Yeah. sure.
So. uh. what's up?
What's up is you brought a con woman
to my brother's wedding.
She's not a con woman. okay?
She's... a woman who was committing a con.
Oh. well. that is a very
subtle distinction. Brady.
She made a mistake. okay?
She owned up to it. I forgave her.
We moved on. Why do you care so much?
I care because I care about you.
and you deserve better!
Better than what?
Lark's a good person.
Who did what she thought she had to do
to take care of someone she loved.
Maybe you don't understand that. but I do.
Wow.
- Okay.
- Look. hey. hey. hey.
I didn't say that to hurt you. okay?
I didn't.
Just me being with Lark is...
It's not about you. Okay?
It's about me.
Trying to get a fresh start.
trying to move on. Like you did with Mike.
- So why can't you just let me?
- I can.
I just...
You know. I want more for you.
I want you to be with a woman
who at least matches you.
who challenges you.
who brings out the best in you.
I was.
- But she didn't want me.
- Yes. she did.
Being with you made me forget
what I had been through.
But it always was such a mess. Brady.
I got lost in you.
you know?
- I was running away.
- Yeah. maybe. Maybe.
Or maybe you fell in love with me.
Obviously I did.
Do you still love me?
- A part of me will...
- Don't do that. Don't bullshit me.
- Either you do or you don't. Which is it?
- I'm with Mike!
And I'm with Lark. Do you love me?
- Do you still love me?
- Yes!
God!
Yes!
I've loved you since the moment I met you!
I knew in the first ten seconds
that you were the one for me.
That was never the question.
The question was whether or not
I was the one for you.
You were. but you messed it up.
I did what I had to do!
- You lied...
- To protect you!
And I'm not gonna apologize for that.
Because if I had to do it all over again...
If I had to lose you
just to keep you safe.
I would do it in a heartbeat.
Brie. I'd do anything for you.
Anything at all. And you know what?
It's goddamn terrifying.
'Cause I know I will never
feel that way
about someone else ever again.
No one.
I can't believe you're getting married.
- Again.
- Yeah. that makes two of us.
I mean. it's not that I didn't love Mark.
Because I did.
- I know.
- But this just feels different.
Yeah. it is. It is different.
- Yeah.
- You know? It's...
It's still kind of surreal. though.
Well. truly. this day is everything
I could have ever wished for you.
Hmm.
Hey. what's happening?
Um...
I don't know.
What can I do?
How can I help?
Hey.
I need you to do me a favor.
- Hey.
- Your bride would like to see you.
Hi.
Hey. yourself.
Wow! Um...
I'm really glad we did this.
'cause if I'd gotten
my first look at you at the altar.
I don't think I'd remember my vows.
It's just a dress.
It's not the dress.
How you feeling?
I feel
like the luckiest girl in the world
who is a million miles away.
Okay.
At first. I thought this was about my dad.
but I think...
I think it might be about
trusting in forever again.
Trusting that the people that I love
aren't gonna just disappear on me.
I can't lose you. Jack.
But I can't walk down the aisle
with all of these ghosts
floating around in my head.
Okay.
Then let's get out of here.
Come on.
Let's go.
- Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. yeah! No. I'm good.
It was just a thing.
Lizzie. there you are.
I didn't get a chance to tell you
what a great job you all did today.
No. don't thank us yet.
Preacher is missing and I can't find Mel.
What do you mean?
I mean the traditional meaning of
those words used together in a sentence.
Hey. guys.
I can't find Jack.
What? Where the heck could they be?